# Part III
My presentation changed a lot between parts two and three. Wireframing my visualizations and receiving feedback really helped to shape my story and my visualizations. 
For one thing, I tried to include more infographics in my presentation. Some of my interviewees indicated that certain tyypes of graphs simply don't work for them. I tried to include some variety in the types of visualizations shown.
Specifically, one person I interviewed said that I should use people icons to indicate the number of black leads in the 90s. This was a good idea and added something different from the line graph I was using before.
However, I did feel like the line graph was telling an important story, so I decided to use both.

Another change that I made from part two to part three was the creation of an infographic regarding the Emmys. I felt like that was the best way to convey that information. It was more about indicating facts than showing a progression or growth.
Additionally, in most of my interviews what people wanted more of above all else was context. I especially tried to provide this for my page on the segregation of television in the 90s and the loss of sitcom popularity.
Context was the story that I was trying to tell. Therefore, I had to make sure that the visualizations along with the words told a compelling story. 

It took me a while to decide on my audience for my presentation. I considered having it be television executives or actors. However, I noticed in my interviews that when I asked people who they thought the audience for the graphs were, they invariably said someone like themselves.
This was true whether they were old or young, male or female. I am not even sure that they realized they were doing it. An older participant said that he thought the graphs were for people of his generation.
A younger woman said she thought they were for people in her age range. A movie buff said that they were for film nerds. This made me realize that my presentation had the capacity to reach people outside of the television industry.
I tried to find takeaways that were applicable to normal people, such as my actual audience of CMU students. This is why my call to action was a reminder that we are more powerful than we realize. 
We should do our best to be aware of the media that we consume and seek out diverse art specifically. 

https://carnegiemellon.shorthandstories.com/index.html#group-section-9VSlIioWiS 
